Add sensor platform to Mealie (#33901)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mealie.markdown

The integration will create a to-do list for every Mealie shopping list.

## Sensors

> The integration provides sensors for the statistics like the number of recipes, categories, tags, tools and users.

Reviewer: I think it could be helpful to have a list of all the sensor names with a description.

Author: It actually are those 5 haha

Reviewer: Ah ok. Can you be a bit more descriptive? What are the categories, what are tags and tools?

Author: They are taxonomies within Mealie, so you have tools added to cook with, same with categories recipes are in.

They are also placed on the homepage of Mealie so I am assuming they are quite a well known name for the users.

cc @andrew-codechimp

Reviewer 2: These taxonomies are deliberately vague within Mealie to allow people to adapt them to their needs.
As an example I use Categories for meal types and also things like baking, seasonings, etc. whilst Tags I use to indicate vegetarian and cuisine type, quick meals etc.
These should be considered a bit like Labels & Categories within HA, there's no one way to describe them, anyone using Mealie will know what they are.

> The integration provides sensors for the statistics like the number of recipes, categories, tags, tools and users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration provides the following sensors for the statistics:
- number of recipes
- categories (such as beverage, dessert, Italian, seafood)
- tags (such as alcohol)
- tools (such as instant pot, air fryer, or BBQ)
- users
```
Would it hurt to give an example?

Author: Oh that's nice, haven't thought about describing it like that
